Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
Get your stuff. we're leaving.
I don't wanna do this anymore
and I want you
to leave right now.
I danced with
a Seasonal Site Interpreter!
Am I talking too much?
No. I love what you're saying.
-Is it your knee?
-I'm okay. I'm fine.
You kept playing on it
when you first got hurt.
-You made it worse.
-Yeah. I know. I was there.
I was just working some things
out on you. I used you.
I thought we were becoming
actual friends.
He's gone
and now you have to live.
Hollis.
We love you. okay?
-But Gigi is not your friend.
-Oh.
She was having
an affair with Matthew.
♪ Oh. what a beautiful morning ♪
-♪ Oh. what a beautiful day ♪
-Dad. why are you like this?
♪ I've got a beautiful feeling ♪
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
Come on. Oklahoma!
Revolutionized musical theater.
Without Oklahoma!.
there wouldn't be Hamilton.
I'm so sad. I mean.
this could've been
our last summer
all together on Nantucket.
Mom. I'm just going to college.
I'm not departing the galaxy.
Yeah. but you're gonna get busy.
you'll make new friends.
You could have a boyfriend
and decide
you like his family better
than ours
and stop coming home.
Mom. nothing is going to change.
-You promise?
-Yes.
And you guys aren't even
gonna be missing me.
You'll...
You'll be so busy spooning
and sharing
the same reading glasses.
and then one day
you'll just simultaneously die
and you're buried
in the same grave.
You'll be together forever.
Uh. I think we're planning
on-on separate graves.
Yeah. I'm gonna...
I'm gonna need my space.
One of my OR nurses.
How about lasagne
for dinner. guys?
Uh. that sounds like...
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
No. Please.
Wait.
Hang on. Wh-What?
I saw a picture of them together
on her phone yesterday.
And we weren't gonna tell you.
but... Then I did.
I know I should've run it
by you guys first. I'm sorry.
Gigi reached out to me
after Matthew died. so...
I mean. she pierced my ear.
She told us everything.
Okay. maybe he was on
one of her flights.
or she was his patient. because.
I mean. she couldn't have...
-They were together. Hollis.
-Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Are you guys good
on ice cream. or...?
Just keep the ice cream.
I don't care. Throw it away!
Okay.
Wait. I'm sorry.
Give it to some kids.
I-I apologize about that.
I'm really sorry.
Oh. my God.
Caroline.
She can't know about this. Heh.
Okay.
here's what we're gonna do.
You guys stay here.
Okay. and-and where
are you going?
-To find out the truth.
-We told you the truth.
Yeah...
No. it doesn't make sense.
Caroline can't know
about this. okay?
Whatever happens.
I'm going to find Gigi.
Um... Yeah.
that went well. I think.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. she seems totally fine.
-You knew.
-No. I didn't.
Leave me alone.
I'm trying to focus.
-I'm trying to find your lover.
-You knew.
Okay. you're not even here.
you're just my subconscious
torturing me.
She has gotta be here somewhere.
There's no way the ferry
is running in this storm.
-You okay?
-Really?
That's how you answer
the phone now?
Yep. You girls staying dry?
Ish. Did you bring
the chairs in?
Yep. All good.
-Oh. shit.
-What?
This episode
of Alone is stressing me out.
You're watching without me?
Fine. I'll turn it off.
Uh. yeah. you better.
I was just calling to say...
I'm sorry I was a twat
at the Box.
I too was a twat.
Shouldn't have come after you
like that.
With everything
you're going through.
Yeah.
So...
I was thinking...
Samantha? You know.
the bartender at Knob's?
Yeah. what about her?
My next wife.
If it makes you feel better.
so you don't have to worry about
me on top of everything else.
Then I'll choose Samantha.
Samantha has a great ass.
-Yours is the best. though.
-This is true.
And...
thank you.
You got it. baby.
I should go.
It's almost time
for the make your own
pizza party.
Love you.
-Love you.
-Bye.
Okay.
Oh. God.
Babe. listen to me.
Don't hang up. okay?
You can't just stay
on Nantucket.
You can't do this to...
Whew!
What?
I'm just checking on you.
I'm watching a movie.
Dru?
Fuck you. knee. Not now.
Oh. my God. are you okay?
-Yeah. no. I'm fine.
-Okay. okay. you aren't.
-Come here.
-I think I messed myself up
playing fake tennis.
Here.
Okay. we need to elevate this.
No. I don't need it.
I just need to push through.
Let me help.
-What's going on?
-It's her knee.
-Oh. okay. I'll get an ice pack.
-I can...
Good lord. woman.
Would you sit still?
It-It hurts more when I'm still.
What if we just
sit still with you?
Mm-hm.
Yeah.
You know what I heard
works for pain?
Screw-top Pinot Grigio.
I actually brought a bottle.
Can I get you a glass?
Yes. Thank you.
Yeah.
Just gonna sit.
Hollis. you knew.
There were signs.
And it wasn't just me.
Late at night.
after I went to sleep.
you would look up Jack.
You looked at
his new girlfriends.
pictures of his mom.
fish he caught.
You were having an affair!
There she is.
Now. leave me alone.
Hi.
Is it true?
Yes.
For how long?
Ten months.
Where?
He'd meet me along my route.
San Diego. Chicago. Paris.
Did you love him?
He made me feel safe.
Yeah. me too.
That's that.
Hollis. I...
I really think we should talk...
♪ Lately. it feels like
I'm falling behind I ♪
♪ Wanna believe
It falls in line but ♪
♪ Timing has been so unkind
So I've been ♪
♪ Calling all of my friends
'Cause I'm missing ♪
♪ A piece of my mind
Have you seen it? ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm tired
Of looking around ♪
♪ What if
I had it all figured out ♪
♪ And I'm the only thing
Dragging me down ♪
♪ I think I let it all
Live in my head ♪
♪ Just a little too long
Get me out ♪
♪ Don't slip standing
Too close to the drain ♪
♪ You know
I'm not used to the rain... ♪
Okay. she's back.
-Here she comes.
-Oh. She's holding a bag.
-Of Gigi's body parts?
-No. I think groceries?
-Is she alone?
-Looks like it.
Oh.
Oh. hi.
Did you find her?
Thanks.
Yeah.
-Caroline okay?
-Yeah. yeah. she's in her room.
What happened there?
Nothing.
I'm just resting my knee.
She was in tears.
No. I was not in tears.
My eyes were just watery.
Good. Rest.
I'm gonna make dinner.
Pizza party.
Are you serious?
-It's on the itinerary.
-Oh.
Okay.
Sorry to be getting dinner
going kind of late.
With the rain. the bonfire stuff
probably isn't gonna happen.
-We could make s'mores inside.
-It's fine.
-Hey. Hollis...
-I said rest.
I'm fine.
I don't wanna talk about it.
I just wanna make dinner.
I was thinking I might do
a prosciutto
and grilled peach pizza.
I got peaches at Bartlett's.
Holly. I'm sorry about earlier.
I didn't mean to pick a fight.
It's okay. Doesn't matter.
It's okay.
Did you talk to Gigi?
Or try to run her over
with a car?
-Or pop her head off her body and dance in her blood?
-Brooke.
-No. that's...
-Right. Sorry.
I asked her if it was true
and she said yes.
See. I prepped the dough
and the sauce
earlier in the week.
'cause that's what I do.
So all we have to do
is roll it out.
I was worried
there wouldn't be enough dough.
but now there's just four of us.
so...
Okay. she wants us
to eat pizza with her.
Wait. should I be doing
individual pizzas
-or do you guys wanna a big...
-Whatever you want.
It's not about what I want.
It is about what you want.
Ugh!
I'll get a broom. It's okay.
-Stop it.
-I got it.
Stop it. Stop it.
Stop it! Stop!
Fucking! Matthew!
Fucking! Beeping!
Stop it!
I'm just gonna...
No. I just need a minute.
♪ Been traveling
These wide roads ♪
♪ For so long ♪
♪ My heart's been far from you
Ten thousand miles gone ♪
We should clean up.
-Yeah.
♪ Oh. I wanna come near
And give you ♪
♪ Every part of me ♪
♪ But there's blood
On my hands ♪
♪ Take me to your river ♪
♪ I wanna go ♪
♪ Oh. please. let me know ♪
♪ Take me to your river
I wanna know ♪
Mama.
How about these guys?
Good girl. my sweet Holly.
That's good.
You okay? Not too hot?
You like this one?
Holly?
Come in.
-You found me.
-Yeah.
Hi.
All we had to do was just
follow the trail of cornmeal.
My mom died in this bathtub.
I was playing on the floor.
The aneurysm
killed her instantly.
She was taking a shower and...
she just fell.
And I think about that
every time I take a shower.
My dad came home from work
a few hours later.
and I was still in here. just...
playing with my little horses.
I probably thought
she was asleep.
Yeah.
I don't remember her.
I barely remember her at all.
Was it this actual bathtub?
It was.
It's the only piece we kept.
The rest of it. I refurbished.
Decorated over my own history.
And it's like you said. Tatum.
I don't deal with things.
I frost over them.
Sometimes with actual frosting.
Hollis.
You've gotta give yourself
a break.
You've just suffered
a huge loss.
No. I mean before Matthew.
At some point. I just became
this person
who can't deal with the truth.
I pushed Matthew away.
I am pushing
my own daughter away.
I'm sorry. guys. I really
wanted this weekend to be fun.
Oh. Holly.
we're literally here for this.
Dead moms.
cheating husbands. soft cheeses.
We should do a talking circle.
Absolutely not. no.
All right.
what is a talking circle?
It's great. Everybody gets in
a circle. everybody gets a turn.
and you all say the things that
you're scared to say out loud.
We just need a talking stick.
Or is that
cultural appropriation?
-Mm. Talking object?
-Yeah. Talking object. Okay.
Um...
Oh. here we go.
So here's our talking object.
Do you wanna go first. Holl?
Take your time.
There no rush.
I knew Matthew
was cheating on me.
Oh.
Damn. that worked fast.
First chance I get.
I'm changing my name.
'Cause I feel like. dead...
Well.
-Dylan's not here.
-I know. I'm looking for you.
You should meet Kevin.
He works with me at Jodie's.
He has a wife and three kids...
Oh. Caroline.
he's just your type.
Wait. what?
Could you give us a sec. please?
I really love my wife.
She's my rock.
Everybody knows that. Kevin.
Thanks.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. you said so in
your 900 text and voice notes.
Look. you have every right
to be mad at me.
Thanks for your permission.
I have been
so messed up since my dad died.
I don't wanna be this person.
You know. I think who a person
is in their worst moments
is who they really are.
I'm sorry your dad died.
It's not fair.
It really isn't.
But using his death
to justify your shitty behavior
is lame
and it's fucking pathetic.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
Gigi?
What are you doing here?
Um... It's a bar. Almost out.
Where's. um... Where's mom?
Where's all the girls?
Your mom didn't tell you?
No.
I'm taking a breather.
Are you okay?
I fucked everything up.
Come on. let's have a drink.
Yeah.
I knew.
I don't know
if I knew that I knew.
but now I know I knew.
-What...?
-I knew.
but I didn't wanna deal.
And I wanted to protect Caroline
from it.
Mm.
I think you always
just kind of know.
Brooke.
Your turn.
Yeah.
Okay.
What if I'm not brave enough
to actually be myself?
Like I can't just completely
change my life. can I?
-Who does that?
-Brooke. listen to me.
You have to man the fuck up
and embrace
your second adolescence.
That is what this whole next
decade is gonna be for you.
This is... This is not death.
This is rebirth.
God. you're good at this.
You should have a podcast.
I actually might be looking
for a new career. so sure.
Go on.
Okay. All right. fine.
Well...
Mm.
My identity
is too wrapped up in my job.
I need to work on
being more present.
drink more apple cider vinegar.
and practice gratitude.
Don't forget love and light.
You're so right. Love and light.
What is happening here?
Don't freak out.
But we like each other now.
You did it.
-Everybody gets along.
-Oh. my gosh.
Oh. I knew it. I knew
it would happen eventually.
Yes. well. let's hope
we don't mess it up.
Oh. You're not done.
Okay.
I push too hard.
Well. now
it's catching up with me.
Well. it's never too late
to take care of yourself.
Hot potato.
I don't like
being out of my comfort zone.
Mm-hm.
And I know
I have to work on that.
That's all you wanna say?
Yes. I'm done.
You asshole. You made me go.
I don't have
anything else to say.
-I'm hungry.
-I am starving.
-I'm always hungry.
-Me too.
-I'm gonna need soft pants.
-I love soft pants.
-Soft pants.
Soft pants.
Soft. soft pants. Yep.
Oh. hey. could I have
another shit red wine. please?
And some crisps. Sorry. chips.
You call them chips.
Oh. No. Sorry.
we don't serve food.
What? No food?
This is a chicken box!
Um...
Was that your dad's?
My grandpa gave my dad this
as a present
after he graduated
from med school.
My mom. after he died.
just threw out
a bunch of his stuff.
She likes things very orderly.
Like. if you leave a cup
on the counter.
it will somehow. always.
end up in the dishwasher.
Fuck. That explains so much.
I kept wondering where my glass
kept disappearing to.
Yes. I am telling you.
she's a monster.
Parents fuck up.
Doesn't mean
they don't love you.
Or so multiple therapists
have told me.
-Are we talking about you now?
-It's true.
Care Bear!
Oh. God.
Look at you. I didn't
know you were on island.
How are you holding up?
-Um...
-Hi. mama... Oh. we met at the spa.
I'm Electra.
And you are stunning.
Is it microdermabrasion. what?
My internist is playing
in the band here tonight.
Isn't that hilarious?
How's Amherst?
Have you talked
to Hazel recently?
She's taking a semester off
to start her own business.
Yeah. actually. so am I.
I'm taking a break from school.
Did you flunk out?
Does your mom know?
Honestly. this is refreshing.
-The two of you...
-Fuck off. Electra.
No one likes you.
-Excuse me?
-You're sad.
And cruel.
For like. no reason.
And...
so stripey.
You know. I swear I have seen
you somewhere before.
I swear you're just
a bit racist.
Maybe.
Wait.
I know what it is.
I saw you coming out
of a restaurant with Matthew
in San Diego last fall.
-No. I...
-Yes.
It was definitely you.
I remember because it was
the weekend that Hollis
went to visit Care Bear
at school.
Maybe nobody likes me.
but I never forget a face. Boop.
Why were you with my dad?
Are you okay?
Gigi. where are you going?
Hey.
I don't feel good.
I can't believe you guys
cleaned my kitchen.
I think that might actually be
my love language.
My love language
is people not telling me
what their love language is.
-Mine is words of affirmation.
-No shit.
-I'd like to go on record about this pineapple.
-Mm-hm.
I got this pineapple
because I remembered.
Gigi telling me
she liked pineapple pizza
and I was gonna make her one.
But now. officially.
fuck this pineapple.
-Oh.
-Okay.
Fuck this pineapple.
Fuck that pineapple.
-This is good.
-Bye. you pineapple bitch!
Bye. Gigi.
Bye. pineapple.
Unh!
Good for you.
-That felt good.
-Uh-huh.
-Hey. I have a question.
-Hm?
Are you gonna tell Caroline
about Matthew and Gigi?
I don't know
if I can purposefully
hurt my kid right now.
-Yeah.
-What do you guys think?
Should I tell her...?
Godmother?
-Nope. I am not falling for that trap.
-What trap?
Last night you told me to stay
in my lane with Caroline.
and I just...
Well. I wanna respect that.
I'm sorry.
Obviously. Caroline needs you.
I can't be everything to her.
and I am so grateful
and lucky that she has you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Now. tell me what to do.
I absolutely think
that she is old enough to know...
Oh. damn it.
I wish I hadn't asked you.
I know.
I knew you were gonna say that.
Oh. my God.
am I really gonna leave Charlie?
Oh. please. Please. God.
-He is gonna fall apart without me.
-Go. Leave him.
That is not your problem. buddy.
I mean.
you deserve so much better.
-Mm. I love you.
-Hmm.
But in like
a totally platonic way.
You're pretty.
but I don't think
I'm attracted to you.
Okay.
Definitely Dru-Ann.
and maybe Tatum.
but I can't tell
if I'm attracted to you
or if I'm scared of you.
Well. you know I would.
but I'm taken.
Yeah.
Just say when and where.
Okay.
I figured you were done with me.
I could never be done with you.
I'm still saving up to buy
myself an island. remember?
I wouldn't count on me
like that.
Everybody hates me now.
Is JB gonna drop me?
You let me deal with JB.
I know that
I am too hard on you sometimes.
And I am sorry.
I get why you are.
Oh. you do. do you?
You see yourself in me.
You were my age
when you got injured.
You lost everything.
Look. that was the worst time
in my life.
Four different surgeries.
I could barely walk.
I was depressed.
a word my family never used.
There were times...
that I didn't wanna live.
I shouldn't have let everyone
make this about mental health.
I wanted to have like a normal.
fun night
watching my boyfriend play.
It's just a lot of pressure.
Everything I'm supposed to be
to everybody.
I get it. Why didn't you just
tell me that you needed a break?
I did.
You didn't hear me when I did.
Well. that's on me.
I never want you
to feel like I felt.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Now. do you need more time
or are you ready to fix this?
I'm ready.
All right.
Let's fix it.
There she is.
Hm... Still no. But thanks.
You're the only person
who would be smoking right now.
Tatum McKenzie.
I love you for it.
I know you wanted me
to talk about my biopsy
in the "feeling circle."
I was a little disappointed.
but I figured...
they are your boobs.
Exactly.
I decide when to whip them out.
You've done a lot less of that
than I expected this weekend.
Man. I am a disappointment.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Mm. Anything.
Does your tennis court have
a pickleball court on top of it?
I know. I know.
I know. I have
turned into the people
we made fun of
when we were growing up.
It's not just that you're
different or whatever. it's...
It's that I'm not.
I still live on the island
I was born on.
Eating the same food.
kissing the same man.
Well. he's a great man.
He's the best.
There's just a small part
of me that...
always wonders
if I should've left.
Hm.
You're a constant reminder
of that.
Well. hey.
if it's any consolation.
you are so brave and authentic.
You are.
I always feel like a-a...
coward.
And a big dork
when I'm with you.
Does that help?
Actually. it does.
I should've been the one
you called when Matthew died.
I should've been there for you.
Hey. the next time
my husband dies.
you will be the first person
I call.
You promise?
Absolutely.
Who is that?
Ugh!
I'll be right back.
What now?
♪ How come every time
You come around ♪
♪ My London. London Bridge
Wanna go down? ♪
♪ Like. London London. London ♪
♪ Wanna go down like
London. London. London ♪
♪ We goin' down like... ♪